CCP for Human Capital Professionals – Singapore National Employers Federation
Home
Grants
CCP for Human Capital Professionals
CCP for Human Capital Professionals
Singapore National Employers Federation (SNEF) has been re-appointed by Workforce Singapore (WSG) as a Programme Manager, with the IHRP as the Skills Development Partner for HR. This programme is structured to equip local PMETs to convert into Human Resource (HR) job roles via the Place-and-Train modality, as well as supporting employers to reskill existing employees to take on growth HR roles or growth HR skills via the Job Redesign Reskilling (JRR) modality.
Place-And-Train (PnT)
Job Redesign Reskilling (JRR)
Programme outline
Nominated Employee(s) will undergo training comprising On-the-Job Training (OJT) to acquire foundational or functional HR competencies as per IHRP’s Body of Competencies (BOC) and growth HR or Emerging HR Skills and Competencies.
For more information on IHRP Body of Competencies, visit
https://www.ihrp.sg/boc/
Programme duration
4 months
3 months
General eligibility criteria
Employers:
Registered or incorporated in Singapore with a valid Unique Entity Number (UEN) with Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA).
Ensure that Nominated Employee(s) is not a shareholder of the CCP company, or its related companies.
Ensure that Nominated Employee(s) is not related to the owner(s) of the company. Related individuals refer to these 4 groups:
Spouse/ex-spouse,
Children,
Parents/parents-in-law,
Siblings
Ensure that Nominated Employee(s) is not undergoing any programmes funded by WSG concurrently.
Must put in place structured On-the-Job training (OJT) for the Nominated Employee(s).
Must offer a full-time PMET position related to job role which the CCP is for, with a minimum fixed monthly salary of $3,200 or more, and at least a 12-month employment contract.
Ensure that Nominated Employee(s) must not have attended the same programme and were funded previously.
Nominated Employee(s) (PMETs):
Be a Singapore Citizen (SC) or Permanent Resident (PR) aged 21 years and above.
Nominated Employee(s) must have graduated or completed NS, whichever is later, at least two years at the point of application.
Track specific criteria
Must be a newly hired PMET (i.e., not more than three (3) months from date of employment) and nominated by an eligible company for the CCP
Must not be in a similar job role prior to joining the CCP
Must not be an immediate ex-staff of the company or its related companies
Must be working as existing employee for at least one year to participate in the CCP
Employer must be committed to redesigning HR job roles and reskilling their employees in HR practices. (i.e., provide clear documentation on the redesigned job roles)
For more information on HR job redesign and reskilling, visit
https://www.wsg.gov.sg/home/employers-industry-partners/jobs-transformation-maps/jobs-transformation-map-hr-jobs-in-singapore
Salary Support Funding:
Upon completion of the programme and having met all the training requirements, participating companies can receive up to $30,000/- salary support for each eligible PMET onboard the CCP.
Funding by WSG
Salary Support
Standard Rate
Up to 70% of monthly salary for CCP training duration
(capped at $5,000 per month)
Enhanced Rate*
Up to 90% of monthly salary for CCP training duration
(capped at $7,500 per month)
*
Enhanced Rate: For SC/PR trainees who are unemployed and actively seeking employment for six months or more, and/or SC/PR trainees aged 40 years and above in the year of commencement of the CCP.
Contact Details
For more information or to apply, please contact us at:
Tel: 6827-6977 (Ext 2)
Email:
ccphcp@snef.org.sg