Advanced Digital Solutions | IMDA
Close
Be aware of scammers impersonating as IMDA officers. Government officials will NEVER call you to transfer money, disclose bank log-in details or request for your personal information. For scam-related advice, please call the ScamShield Helpline at 1799 or go to
www.ScamShield.gov.sg
.
Architects of SG's Digital Future
How We Can Help
SMEs Go Digital
Advanced Digital Solutions
Advanced Digital Solutions
About Advanced Digital Solutions (ADS)
ADS was announced as part of the Resilience Budget 2020 on 26 Mar 2020 to support enterprises to deepen their digital capabilities, strengthen business continuity measures and to drive digital transformation to build business resilience for growth in a digital economy.
ADS is an initiative aimed at supporting enterprises to pilot the following types of solutions as early adopters:
Advanced or integrated solutions, aligned with solution categories in Stage 2 or 3 in the
Industry Digital Plans (IDPs)
;
Sustainability solutions such as carbon management and resource optimisation; and
E-commerce platforms
that enable SMEs to scale their businesses locally and globally.
When clear business outcomes and demand are demonstrated from early adoption use cases, solutions could then transit to be supported under the Productivity Solutions Grant (PSG) scheme, subject to prevailing circumstances and the decision of IMDA.
Call for Proposals (CFPs)
To qualify for ADS support, proposals must address the requirements as published via CFPs. More details on requirements will be published over time. Do note that it is important to abide by the deadlines specified within the CPFs, failing which, the proposal cannot be considered.
There are currently no CFPs available.
Project Leads
Industry partners, which could include solution providers, chain leaders, queen bees, trade associations, are welcome to submit proposals as Project Leads. Before proposals can be considered for grant support assessment, Project Leads must clearly state the following in their applications:
Demonstrate a clear understanding of the requirements specified in the CFP;
Sound and proven strategic, operational and financial capabilities to deliver the committed output within the defined project period, with a strong track record of project achievements, and supported by a project team with the necessary requisite qualifications and experience on project delivery and execution;
A detailed action plan on how the proposed solution can be mass deployed to the wider segment of SMEs, upon successful completion of the ADS project, i.e. project must not be a once-off implementation for an individual enterprise or niche group of enterprises.
ADS projects
These are the type of projects supported under ADS that are currently in the process of onboarding early enterprise adopters:
List of supported ADS projects
Expand All
Early Childhood
Video Analytics for Safety
Retail
Omnichannel Retail Management (OCRM)
Security
Integrated Security Management (ISM)
Feedback
We strongly value your input. Send us your comments and feedback using this
feedback form
.
Explore related tags
SMEs
Digital readiness
Business support
Explore more
Related Programmes
Chief Technology Officer-as-a-Service
Digital Solution
+2
Programme
Grant
Chief Technology Officer-as-a-Service
CTO-as-a-Service is a one-stop self-help platform that allows your company to identify digitalisation needs, access...
Hawkers Go Digital | SMEs Go Digital
Digital Solution
+2
Programme
Grant
Hawkers Go Digital | SMEs Go Digital
We are here to help stallholders from hawker centres (including cooked food and market stalls), coffee shops, and industrial...
Pre-Approval of ICM Vendors' Solutions
Digital Solution
+2
Programme
Grant
Pre-Approval of ICM Vendors' Solutions
Infocomm Media (ICM) vendors play a key role in the SMEs Go Digital programme.
View all programmes
Stay tuned for our newsletter
Subscribe now
Back to top