SkillsFuture Enterprise Credit (SFEC)
SkillsFuture Enterprise Credit
The SkillsFuture Enterprise Credit encourages employers to invest in enterprise transformation and the capabilities of their employees.
About this programme
Invest in enterprise transformation and the capabilities of your employees.
Receive one-off credit of S$10,000
Supports up to 90% of out-of-pocket expenses
This is on top of support from existing schemes.
Eligibility
All eligible employers have been notified.
There is no need to apply for SkillsFuture Enterprise Credit (SFEC).
If your company is eligible for SFEC, your registered Corppass administrator would have received an eligibility letter from EnterpriseSG via email. Employers who qualify will be able to see the S$10,000 credit when they log in to the
Business Grants Portal
and
SkillsFuture for Business page
.
Please refer to the
guide
on checking your SFEC eligibility via the
Business Grants Portal
.
Please refer to the table below for the qualifying periods and respective eligibility criteria.
Qualifying Periods
Eligibility Criteria
SFEC (Budget 2020)
Qualifying Periods
1 April 2019 – 31 March 2020
1 July 2019 – 30 June 2020
1 October 2019 – 30 September 2020
1 January 2020 – 31 December 2020
Eligibility Criteria
Employers must meet the following conditions over any of the qualifying periods:
Have contributed at least S$750 Skills Development Levy (SDL) over a qualifying period; and
Have employed at least three Singapore Citizens or Permanent Residents* every month over the same qualifying period; and
Have not been qualified at any of the earlier periods.
SFEC Expansion (Budget 2022)
Qualifying Periods
1 January 2021 – 31 December 2021
Eligibility Criteria
Employers must meet the following conditions over the qualifying period:
Have employed at least three Singapore Citizens or Permanent Residents* every month over the qualifying period; and
Have not been previously qualified for SFEC; and
Are not in default of their SDL contributions during the qualifying period and do not have an inactive ACRA status during the qualification process.
*Refers to all Singaporean or Singapore PR employees drawing a salary and with CPF contribution.
Note:
Employers qualified under SFEC (Budget 2020) can only use their SFEC on supportable schemes applied from 1 April 2020 or training courses that commenced from 1 April 2020.
Employers qualified under SFEC Expansion (Budget 2022) can only use their SFEC on supportable schemes applied from 1 April 2022 or training courses that commenced from 1 April 2022.
How to use your credit
Identify SFEC-supported programmes that address your business needs
Enterprise Transformation
Only
up to S$7,000
of the credit can be used for enterprise transformation, to encourage employers to embark on both enterprise and workforce transformation programmes.
SFEC-supported programmes include:
Productivity Solutions Grant (PSG)
Enterprise Development Grant (EDG)
Market Readiness Assistance (MRA) Grant
Enterprise Leadership for Transformation Programme (ELT)
Scale-Up
Aviation Development Fund (ADF)
Business Improvement Fund (BIF)
Workforce Transformation
There is no cap on the SFEC amount that can be used for workforce transformation.
SFEC-supported programmes include:
Skills Framework-aligned courses
Offset 90% of out-of-pocket course fees
There is no cap on the SFEC amount that can be used for workforce transformation.
Find SFEC-supported training courses in the
course directory
.
To build your talent pipeline
Career Conversion Programmes
Employment Support for Persons with Disabilities (PwDs)
Job Redesign Initiatives
Singapore Global Executive Programme
To bring learning to your workplace
National Centre of Excellence for Workplace Learning (NACE) Training Programmes & Consultancy Services
National Workplace Learning Certifications (including Workplace Learning:READY Mark) conferred by NACE
Service and Jobs Transformation Leadership Programme
Training Industry Professionals in Tourism (TIP-iT)
Note: Employers will have to meet the eligibility criteria of the individual programmes before they can draw down the credit.
How to claim your credit
Submit final claims for SFEC-supported programmes
Employers are required to submit the final claims to the respective agencies for the supportable programmes that they have successfully applied for or training courses that they have completed by
second half of 2026
. Employers may follow the claim processes and requirements indicated by the respective agencies for the supportable programmes. For SFEC-eligible courses, employers may be required to submit claims on
SkillsFuture for Business page
. Please refer to this
user guide
on how to do so.
Automatic disbursement of SFEC
Once the claims have been approved, the corresponding credit will be
automatically disbursed
via the employer’s IRAS-registered GIRO or PayNow Corporate account*. To find out more about setting up your account, please
refer to our FAQs
.
The credit will be disbursed directly to eligible employers on a
quarterly
basis. Employers will be notified via an email to their Corppass administrators when the credit has been disbursed.
SFEC disbursements are made separately from disbursements for the base SFEC-supported programme(s).
*Note: SFEC claims are disbursed to employers’ bank accounts from IRAS, with either the prefix "SFEC" (for PayNow) or "SkillsFuture Enterprise Credit" (for GIRO).
Need additional help?
How can eligible employers who would like to utilise the SFEC find out which type of SFEC-supportable programmes is suitable for them?
The list of SFEC-supportable programmes may be found in the tab above, under "How to utilise your credit"
Employers may refer to the respective programme details listed on the respective agencies' website and contact them for further assistance.
Alternatively, employers who want to find out more on the SFEC-supportable programmes that are suitable for their business needs may wish to explore their profile on the
GoBusiness e-Adviser
or
make an appointment with a Business Advisor
from the SME Centres. For more information on SME Centres, employers may refer to
Enterprise Singapore’s website
.
When can employers receive the SFEC disbursement?
The SFEC will be disbursed directly to eligible employers on a quarterly basis. Employers will receive an email notification to CorpPass Administrators upon successful disbursement of the credit.
SFEC disbursements are made separately from disbursements by base SFEC supportable programmes.
SFEC claims are disbursed to employers’ bank accounts from IRAS, with either the prefix "SFEC" (PayNow), or "SkillsFuture Enterprise Credit" (GIRO), after final claims of the base supportable programmes have been approved.
How should employers make a claim for SFEC?
Employers are required to
submit the final claims to the respective agencies
for the supportable programmes that they have successfully applied for or training courses that they have completed, by second half of 2026. Employers may follow the claim processes and requirements indicated by the respective agencies for the supportable programmes.
For SFEC-eligible course employers may be required to submit the SFEC claims on the
SkillsFuture for Business page
. For further instructions on the submission of SFEC claims, please refer to
user guide
published on the
SkillsFuture for Business page
.
Upon approval of the claims for these supportable programmes, the corresponding credit will be calculated and be disbursed via employers’ GIRO account registered with IRAS, or PayNow Corporate on a quarterly basis. There is no need to make a separate claim submission for SFEC.
Read Frequently Asked Questions
For technical assistance, kindly contact us through the
Enterprise Infoline
.
Case study
"We sent our team to various SFEC-eligible courses, which covered virtual events planning and data protection, to prepare our workforce for a post-COVID environment. This enabled us to create virtual environments that better showcase our event concepts to clients. We were also able to switch effectively to virtual platforms, which helped to advance the company’s business recovery during the COVID-19 pandemic, which severely impacted the events industry."
Choong Chyi Kei
CEO of Aux Media Group
“We adopted a digital retail management system which helped our company adapt through the pandemic, which affected customer walk-ins. Our staff also took the opportunity to embark on various SFEC-eligible courses as part of the company’s strategic shift towards a more consultative and clinical approach to eye care. This included courses in retail selling and leadership training, strengthening the resilience and skillsets of our staff, allowing us to differentiate ourselves in a competitive market.”
Ken Tong
CEO of eyesight.sg
“HSL staff embarked on various SFEC-eligible courses to adapt to the ever-changing operation needs such as communication skill courses to enhance borderless engagement with regional offices and colleagues boosting productivity.”
Norna KBD
Head, HR at HSL Constructor PTE LTD
SkillsFuture Enterprise Credit (SFEC)
About this programme
Eligibility
How to use your credit
How to claim your credit
Need additional help?
Case study
Other ways we help
Productivity Solutions Grant (PSG)
Improve productivity through IT solutions and equipment.
Enterprise Development Grant (EDG)
Tap on EDG for projects that help you upgrade, innovate, grow and transform your business.
Enterprise Financing Scheme
Access financing support at each stage of your business growth.
×