Security Productivity Initiative (SPI) | Security Job Redesign
Security Productivity Initiative (SPI)
Share
Print
Security Productivity Initiative (SPI) - The SPI is for companies who are keen to create quality jobs and meaningful careers for their workforce through job redesign and human capital development.
Benefits
Self-Help Guide for companies in job redesign techniques to help transform their workforce
Government funding to help companies embark on and sustain job redesign and transformation
Sign Up Here
How to Sign Up?
For more information on the Career Conversion Programme for Security Officers, please contact our Programme Manager, Singapore National Employers Federation:
ccpso@snef.org.sg
For more information on the SPI, please contact WSG at:
WSG_Biz_Services@wsg.gov.sg
What is it?
The Security Productivity Initiative (SPI) is part of WSG’s efforts to support the workforce transformation efforts for the security industry, in line with the Security Industry Transformation Map (ITM). With a structured Job Redesign (JR) framework and related funding support, the SPI aims to guide and enable companies to become manpower-lean with security technology adoption, job redesign and adoption of human capital best practices.
Who is it for?
The SPI is for security agencies as well as employers who hire in-house security officers who are keen to create quality jobs and meaningful careers for their workforce, such as through job redesign for example. Security service buyers may also benefit from the strategies and resources related to Outcome-Based Contracting (OBC).
For more information and resources on Security outcome-based contracting, please click
here
.
How does it work?
Under the SPI, the following resources are available to help companies embark on job redesign and workforce transformation efforts.  Companies which are interested in funding support can access the list of government support programmes through the “
Guide to Security Workforce Transformation
”, or get in touch with WSG via the contact information provided.
(i) Guide to Security Workforce Transformation
Developed by WSG, the
Guide to Security Workforce Transformation
is a self-help resource  comprising of the following key components:
The 4D Job Redesign (JR) Framework
: on how to implement JR through four simple steps – Discover, Diagnose, Design and Deliver
Human Capital Transformation
: on the Human Capital Practices that companies may adopt to sustain the JR efforts
Resource and Funding Support
: on the government schemes available to support companies
Click
here
to fill up a form and download the Guide to Security Workforce Transformation.
(ii) Career Conversion Programme (CCP) for Security Officers
The Career Conversion Programme (CCP) for Security Officers (SOs) provides up to 90% of funding for salary support to companies who wish to reskill their existing security officers as a result of business transformation efforts. Participating companies will have the flexibility to design the training plan based on their companies’ operational needs and/or sites’ requirements subject to meeting the CCP requirements.
For more information about the CCP for SOs, please contact our Programme Manager, Singapore National Employers Federation (SNEF), via the contact info.
(iii) Career Conversion Programme (CCP) for Auxiliary Police Officers
Regulated by the Auxiliary Police Force Regulations and in support of the Singapore Police Force (SPF), the Auxiliary Police Forces (APFs) play a critical role in keeping our nation safe and secure. The Auxiliary Police Officers (APOs) safeguard key and strategic installations, conduct screening and checks at immigrations and checkpoints, ensure security of major events, and perform enforcement duties.
The CCP helps the APFs to attract and train mid-career individuals by equipping them with the necessary competencies to embark on a meaningful career in the Security Sector as APOs. Interested candidates may choose to become either Armed APOs or Enforcement APOs, subject to meeting the job-specific criteria. Armed APOs are required to provide armed responses.
The CCP for APOs is a Place-and-Train Programme offered by WSG and the following APFs. For more information, please click on the links below:
AETOS Security Management Pte Ltd (AETOS)
Certis CISCO Auxiliary Police Force (CERTIS)
(iv) Consultancy Services for Job Redesign
Security companies in need of expertise and resources  to support Business Transformation can tap on the Productivity Solutions Grant-Job Redesign (PSG-JR). From 1 April 2024, eligible companies will receive up to 50% (for SMEs) and 30% (for non-SMEs) funding for consultancy services, capped at $30,000 per company.
Click
here
for more information about the PSG-JR.
(v) Other Resources to support Business and Workforce Transformation
Information
Security Industry Transformation Map (ITM)
Developed by MHA, the ITM is a roadmap to develop a vibrant, technologically advanced and competitive security industry that delivers better security outcomes for Singapore and provides good jobs for Singaporeans.
Security Industry Digital Plan (IDP)
Aligned with the Security ITM and led by IMDA, the IDP supports Singapore’s digitalisation efforts and aims to make going digital simple for SMEs.
Skills Framework for Security
Provides up-to-date key information on the sectors’ career pathways, occupations/job roles, existing and emerging skills, as well as relevant training programmes for employers to develop employee capabilities and HR practices in line with ITM.
Human Capital Development
Job Redesign Centre of Excellence (JRCoE)
JRCoE is a one-stop centre to equip enterprises with the capability to embark on their business and workforce transformation journey through JR. It is an initiative by WSG, driven by the Institute for Human Resource Professionals (IHRP) and supported by our Trade Associations and Chambers (TACs) to strengthen the national JR ecosystem.
Technology Enhancements
Productivity Solutions Grant (PSG)
Streamline your business processes with technological solutions/equipment with support from the PSG.
Advanced Digital Solutions (ADS)
The Advanced Digital Solutions (ADS) is an initiative to support enterprises to deepen their digital capabilities, strengthen business continuity measures and to drive digital transformation to build business resilience for growth in a digital economy.
Company Training Committee (CTC)
Administered by NTUC’s e2i (Employment and Employability Institute), the Company Training Committee (CTC) provides grant support to agencies for their transformation plans.
Outcome-Based Contracting (OBC)
A tripartite alliance which supports agencies with consultancy on OBCs, trainings and CTC grants.
OBX
A platform that promotes the use of outcome-based contracting in the security industry. The OBT generator can create a customised outcome-based tender for service buyers.
Enterprise Support
SkillsFuture Enterprise Credit
Provides funding for employers to defray out of pocket expenditure for their investment in enterprise transformation and capabilities of their employees.
Connect with us
For more information on the SPI, please contact WSG via:
Telegram Channel
Mailing list
Reach Us
You might be interested
Service and Jobs Transformation Leadership Programme (SJTL)
SJTL equip business leaders with customer centric tools and techniques to led and create a future ready business with manpower strategies.
Benefits
Immersive service design training
Up to 90% of programme fee support
Customised job redesign solutions
A job redesign grant for all sectors (PSG-JR)
Work with pre-approved job redesign consultants to redesign jobs and enhance workforce productivity
Benefits
Customised job redesign solutions
Receive funding support, capped at $30,000
Job redesign consultancy support
Accountancy Job Redesign Initiative
Helps enterprises to enhance the roles of F&amp;A professionals and adopt technology to improve the function’s productivity
Benefits
Funding for JR consultancy costs
Increase the value of F&A job roles