Overview
A Singapore Government Agency Website
How to identify
Official website links end with .gov.sg
Government agencies communicate via
.gov.sg
websites
(e.g. go.gov.sg/open)
.
Trusted website
s
Secure websites use HTTPS
Look for a
lock
(
) or https:// as an added precaution. Share sensitive
information only on official, secure websites.
Overview
Overview
Overview
All PSG Solutions
FAQ
Overview
All PSG Solutions
FAQ
Productivity Solutions Grant (PSG)
The Productivity Solutions Grant (PSG) was launched on April 2018 to help businesses enhance their processes with technology.
It provides financial support for business owners to adopt pre-scoped IT solutions, equipment and consultancy services to improve productivity. These solutions are aligned to the industry roadmaps such as the Industry Transformation Maps (ITMs) and Industry Digital Plans (IDPs).
On this page:
PSG Eligibility
Types of PSG solutions
Be a PSG vendor
PSG eligibility
Who can apply?
Business entities can apply for PSG if they meet the following criteria:
Registered and operating in Singapore
Purchase/lease/subscription of the IT solutions/equipment/consultancy service must be used in Singapore
(For selected solutions only)
Have a minimum of 30% local shareholding
(For consultancy service solutions only)
Have at least three local employees at the point of application
How to apply and submit PSG claims?
4 steps:
Access the list of supportable solutions eligible for your sector and identify relevant solutions that best suit your business needs.
For
IT solutions:
Get a quotation from the pre-approved vendor
For
Equipment:
Source for the equipment and get a quotation from the vendor
For
Consultancy Service:
Get a quotation from the pre-approved consultant
Submit an application on the Business Grants Portal (BGP).
You will need to register for a Corppass account to transact on the portal.
Submit your grant claim on the BGP before your claim due date.
Note:
From 1 April 2023 onwards, the maximum support level is up to 50% for all sectors. For more details, please refer to the
FAQ
for more details.
This listing is not to be taken as a form of endorsement or recommendation by the participating government agencies. Companies are reminded to carry out due diligence when engaging vendors, and not to share the Corppass with their vendors to carry out submission of any grant application or claims
Types of PSG solutions
Sector-specific solutions
Sector-specific solutions are eligible for companies within the respective sectors only. These solutions are specially curated by sector lead agencies, aligned to industry roadmaps such as the Industry Transformation Maps (ITMs) and Industry Digital Plans (IDPs).
Generic solutions
Generic solutions are for all companies, across business sectors and industries. Solutions are intended to improve companies’ productivity in managing general business functions and processes.
View All Solutions
Be a PSG vendor
If you’d like to become a pre-qualified vendor for PSG IT solutions, click
here
to find out more.
NEXT
All PSG Solutions