WSG | Support for Job Redesign under Productivity Solutions Grant (PSG-JR)
Support for Job Redesign under Productivity Solutions Grant (PSG-JR)
Share
Print
Embark on Job Redesign (JR) with confidence. Work with pre-approved JR consultants to implement customised solutions to make jobs more attractive while transforming your workforce and business.
Benefits
Develop customised job redesign solutions based on your company's needs
Receive funding for consultancy services, capped at $30,000
Choose to receive consultancy support from pre-approved job redesign consultants
Sign Up Here
How to Sign Up?
Enterprises interested in PSG-JR can fill up an interest form
here
to find out more.
Enterprises that are ready to proceed with their application can do so through the Business Grants Portal (BGP)
1
at
https://www.businessgrants.gov.sg
.
For a step-by-step guide on application and claims submission on BGP, click
here.
1
Enterprises will need to have a valid CorpPass account to transact on BGP
The Business Case for PSG-JR
Nippon Sanso Holdings Corporation, a leader in industrial gases, faced notable inefficiencies in its HR processes, with onboarding tasks alone consuming 15% of the HR team’s weekly workload. Through Workforce Singapore's Job Redesign, the HR function evolved into a strategic one, driving digitalisation and enhancing efficiency for their 10,000+ workforce.
Read more here
What is it?
The (PSG-JR) encourages enterprises to work with pre-approved JR consultants to redesign work processes, tasks and responsibilities. Through supporting workforce and business transformation,
JR can help make jobs more productive and attractive for workers, and benefit enterprises by allowing them to hire and retain good workers.
The Singapore National Employers Federation (SNEF) has been appointed by Workforce Singapore (WSG) as the Programme Manager to administer PSG-JR, and a panel of pre-approved JR consultants has been appointed to assist
enterprises in the following:
Scope and develop proposals for PSG-JR; and
Implement the PSG-JR project and ensure that the committed project deliverables are met.
Interested enterprises may refer to
GoBusiness Gov Assist
for the list of pre-approved JR consultants to approach, for their PSG-JR project.
For more information, download the
Factsheet
and
FAQs
.
Enterprises that are interested to find out more about PSG-JR can visit
https://snef.org.sg/incentives/psgjr
or click
here
for assistance.
Subsidies and Funding
Eligible enterprises can receive funding of up to 50% (for SMEs) and up to 30% (for non-SMEs) for consultancy services, capped at $30,000 per enterprise. Each UEN can have more than one approved PSG-JR application within the overall grant cap of $30,000. Funding is on a reimbursement basis upon completion of the PSG-JR project. Enterprises will have up to one year to complete the project.
On top of the above funding support, eligible enterprises can also tap on the SkillsFuture Enterprise Credit (SFEC) to defray 90% of their out-of-pocket (OOP) expenses.
More on Job Redesign
Job redesign (JR) involves the restructuring of work tasks and responsibilities to optimise processes and workforce allocation. JR helps enterprises address critical business needs and drive business transformation, benefitting employees in the process.
JR creates a win-win scenario, where enterprises are able to respond to new business needs and workers are able to upskill and stay relevant. Find out how below.
In partnership with Channel NewsAsia, WSG featured progressive
enterprises
from the Security, Marine & Offshore Energy, Food Services and Professional Services sectors that successfully embraced job redesign to improve business outcomes.
Click here
to see the 4-episode 'Business, Redesigned' documentary series.
Trailer: Business, Redesigned series with CNA
Why job redesign matters
Redesign the Job. Redefine the Future. | Benefits of Job Redesign
Redesign the Job. Redefine the Future. | Network Box Singapore
Redesign the Job. Redefine the Future. | SKP Pte Ltd
Connect with us
Subscribe to our Telegram Channel and Mailing List to receive first-hand updates on workforce initiatives and what’s trending for hiring employers, like yourself. Plus, gain exclusive invites to participate at our career events and activities.
Telegram Channel
Mailing List
Reach Us
You might be interested
Accountancy Job Redesign Initiative
Helps enterprises to enhance the roles of F&amp;A professionals and adopt technology to improve the function’s productivity
Benefits
Funding for JR consultancy costs
Increase the value of F&A job roles
Capability Transfer Programme
Acquire and transfer global capabilities from foreign specialists to your local workforce
Benefits
Localise global capabilities
Develop local workforce with new skills
Receive funding support
Career Conversion Programmes (CCPs) for Employers
CCPs help companies to meet manpower needs by providing funding support for reskilling of mid-career new hires and workers into in-demand growth jobs.
Benefits
Up to 90% salary support
Industry-recognised on-the-job training
CCPs across around 30 sectors