FAQ: Enterprise Development Grant (EDG)
FAQ: Enterprise Development Grant
What is the Enterprise Development Grant (EDG)?
The Enterprise Development Grant (EDG) helps Singapore companies grow and transform. This grant supports projects that help you upgrade your business, innovate or venture overseas under three pillars: Core Capabilities, Innovation & Productivity and Market Access.
How is EDG different from the Productivity Solutions Grant and the Market Readiness Assistance grant?
The
Productivity Solutions Grant (PSG)
and the
Market Readiness Assistance (MRA)
grant are separate schemes with different intents. The PSG supports companies looking to adopt specific productivity solutions or equipment, while the MRA supports companies who wish to take their first step into overseas markets. Since the areas of support have been pre-specified, the purpose of the PSG and MRA is largely to facilitate ease of adoption.
The
Enterprise Development Grant (EDG)
is a tool to support the growth and transformation needs of companies. Companies would need to submit individual project proposals with details on their business plans and project outcomes for evaluation.
Who can apply for EDG?
Companies keen to apply for the Enterprise Development Grant (EDG) should meet these criteria:
Be registered and operating in Singapore
Have a minimum of 30% local shareholding
Be in a financially viable position to start and complete the project
How much grant support can I receive? Is there a cap on funding?
The Enterprise Development Grant (EDG) funds up to 50% of qualifying costs for SMEs, and up to 30% of qualifying costs for non-SMEs. Grant applications will be assessed on Group Revenue and Group Employment Size. Refer to the specific project categories for any other eligibility conditions.
What are the supportable items and/or activities under EDG?
The Enterprise Development Grant (EDG) supports projects under three pillars:
Core Capabilities – Projects under this pillar help businesses prepare for growth and transformation by strengthening their business foundations. Five areas supported include business strategy development, financial management, human capital development, service excellence, and strategic brand and marketing development.
Innovation and Productivity – Projects under this pillar support companies that explore new areas of growth, or look for ways to enhance efficiency. Three areas supported include automation, process redesign, and product development.
Market Access – Projects under this pillar support Singapore companies that are willing and ready to venture overseas. These areas supported include pilot project and test bedding, and standards adoption.
Can projects with both domestic and overseas items and/or activities be supported under EDG?
The Enterprise Development Grant (EDG) supports projects that are executed domestically, as well as those that help companies to venture overseas.
Why are the supportable cost components under EDG limited to third party consultancy, software and equipment, and internal incremental manpower costs?
In capability building and internationalisation projects, significant costs are usually incurred by companies related to third party consultancy, software and equipment, and internal incremental manpower. Other supportable cost components or areas of support may be available in the various project areas. Please refer to the specific sections for details.
When must an EDG funded project be completed?
Most projects undertaken by companies should be completed within 12 to 18 months upon successful grant application.
You are advised to keep the project timeline to a reasonable duration, to ensure the outcomes remain relevant in a rapidly changing economic environment.
Who can I speak with to find out more about EDG?
You may find out more about the Enterprise Development Grant (EDG) from business advisors at our
SME Centres
.
How can I apply for EDG?
You may apply for the Enterprise Development Grant (EDG) via the
Business Grants Portal
. You will need your company’s CorpPass to apply.
What information would I require for EDG application?
To apply for the Enterprise Development Grant (EDG), you will need your company’s CorpPass. If your company does not have a CorpPass account, refer to the
CorpPass Guide
for instructions on how to set one up.
You need these information to apply for the EDG:
ACRA information
Audited financial statements
Relevant proof of quotation or proposal
Management consultancy scopes
Relevant consultants’ certification
Project proposal templates
are available to guide companies in their preparation for submission.
My application was rejected previously. Can I try again?
You may wish to consider why the previous application was rejected before submitting a new application. Projects that are not aligned with the intent of the Enterprise Development Grant (EDG), or those that have already commenced, will not be supported.
You may speak to business advisors at our
SME Centres
for advice on business upgrading.
Can companies engage a related associate as the third-party consultant/vendor?
The Applicant shall ensure that the suppliers and service providers engaged in this project do not have any relationship, connection, association or dealings with the Applicant or its related companies or their directors and common shareholders.
Must I continue to work with consultants who possess the Singapore Accreditation Council (SAC)-accredited TR 43 or SS 680 certification for consultancy projects?
Yes. You are required to work with management consultants that possess the SAC-accredited TR 43 or SS 680 certification.
Why do I need to work with consultants who possess the SAC-accredited TR 43 or SS 680 certification? How do I benefit?
These consultants are certified by personnel certification bodies that have been accredited by the SAC to help businesses identify and select management consultants that can support their business upgrading journey.
This certification recognises management consultants who possess the right knowledge, competence, ethics and experience with the management consultancy process to support businesses in their projects and growth strategies.
How can I engage these consultants who possess the SAC-accredited TR 43 or SS 680 certification?
The SAC has accredited personnel certification bodies with certification schemes for management consultants. Examples of SAC-accredited personnel certification bodies include the
Institute of Management Consultants (Singapore)
,
Singapore Business Advisors and Consultants Council Ltd
and
TUV SUD PSB Pte Ltd
. Companies can find more information on the respective certification body’s respective websites.
What are worker outcomes?
As announced in Budget 2019, all companies applying for EDG from 1 April 2020 will have to commit to worker outcomes as part of the qualifying requirements. Worker outcomes include increase in wage increment, job creation, job re-design, or training for existing staff.
Browse similar topics
FAQ: Market Readiness Assistance Grant (MRA)
FAQ: SkillsFuture Enterprise Credit (SFEC)
FAQ: Productivity Solutions Grant (PSG)
×